gh-50571: Check bytecode before accepting a breakpoint in pdb (#145121)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-02-23-00-58-24.gh-issue-50571.jZIR3T.rst

> :mod:`bdb` will reports an error when set breakpoint on a line with no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`bdb` will report an error when setting breakpoint on a line with no
```
